<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_ocs_zmc_wgb">
    <title>API Reports</title>
    <shortdesc>After the 3rd-party application server is connected to the <ph keyref="product_name"
        /> via API interface, PBX will automatically sends API reports to the 3rd-party application
        server. </shortdesc>
    <body>
        <p>When the 3rd-party application server <xref href="api_login.dita#reference_blb_5ld_gdb"
                >requests to log in the PBX</xref>, a request parameter <codeph>port</codeph> should
            be sent to the PBX. The <codeph>port</codeph> parameter tells the PBX which port to send
            API reports to.</p>
        <p>
            <note>
                <ul id="ul_qrg_hnc_wgb">
                    <li>After receiving API reports from the PBX, the 3rd-party application server
                        should response 200OK, or the PBX will send API reports repeatedly.</li>
                    <li>If the 3rd-party application server and the PBX are not in the same network,
                        you should forward the reports monitoring port (default TCP 8260) on the
                        router which is connected to the 3rd-party application server.</li>
                    <li>To receive the extension relevant reports and trunk relevant reports on the
                        3rd-party application server, you should enable <xref
                            href="enable_api_access_on_pbx.dita#task_zm3_wdd_gdb/api-extension-monitor"
                            >Extension <uicontrol>Status Monitor</uicontrol></xref> and <xref
                            href="enable_api_access_on_pbx.dita#task_zm3_wdd_gdb/api-trunk-monitor"
                            >Trunk <uicontrol>Status Monitor</uicontrol></xref>.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </p>
        <section id="section_f5b_j4c_wgb">
            <title>Reports Format</title>
            <p><ph keyref="product_name"/> sends API reports to the 3rd-party application server by
                POST method. The API reports are in JSON format.</p>
            <p>See the following <xref
                    href="api_report_of_system_startup.dita#reference_lgt_lcf_gdb"/> as a report
                example.</p>
            <p>
                <codeblock outputclass="language-json">POST / HTTP/1.1
User-Agent: WebAPI
<ph product="k2 s-series">Host: 192.168.5.150: 8260</ph><ph product="cloudpbx">Host: api.yeastarcloud.com</ph>
Content-Type: application/json
Accept: application/json
{
    "action": "BootUp",
    "sn": "369351034049"
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
