<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference_gzd_s52_gdb">
  <title>Whisper Monitor</title>
  <shortdesc>Through this interface, an extension can monitor another extension's call in Whisper
    mode. As a result, the monitor and the monitored extension can talk to each other, but the other
    party in the call can talk to the monitor.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section id="section_c5q_w5t_gdb">
      <title>Operations</title>
      <p>
        <ol id="ol_jgd_y5t_gdb">
          <li>Extension A is idle, extension B is in a call (query extension list to get the
            extension status).</li>
          <li>Make extension A monitor extension B's call in Whisper mode.</li>
          <li>If the operation is successful, extension A will auto answer and start monitoring the
            extension B's conversation.<p>
              <note>Some IP phone models or softphones may not support auto answer. In this case, IP
                phones or softphones will ring first, and users need to pick up the call manually to
                start monitoring.</note>
            </p></li>
        </ol>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_n25_2vt_gdb">
      <title>Conditions</title>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_xcf_tvt_gdb">
          <li>The monitor extension's monitor mode should be Extensive or Whisper;</li>
          <li>The monitored extension should allow being monitored;</li>
          <li>The call monitor only happens to extensions registered on the same PBX.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_off_dnd_gdb">
      <title>Endpoint</title>
      <p>
        <codeblock>POST /api/v1.1.0/extension/whisper?token=<varname>{token}</varname></codeblock>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_xc5_q4d_gdb">
      <title>Request Parameters</title>
      <p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_abq_pvd_gdb">
          <tgroup cols="4">
            <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.56*"/>
            <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.24*"/>
            <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
            <colspec colname="c4" colnum="4" colwidth="5.95*"/>
            <thead>
              <row>
                <entry>Name</entry>
                <entry>Importance</entry>
                <entry> Type</entry>
                <entry> Description</entry>
              </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
              <row>
                <entry><codeph>whisperer</codeph></entry>
                <entry>Required</entry>
                <entry>Int</entry>
                <entry>The monitor extension.</entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry><codeph>whisperedext</codeph></entry>
                <entry>Required</entry>
                <entry>Int</entry>
                <entry>The monitored extension</entry>
              </row>
            </tbody>
          </tgroup>
        </table>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_ksn_f4d_gdb"><title>Examples</title><b>Request Example</b><p>
        <codeblock outputclass="language-json">POST /api/v1.1.0/extension/whisper?token=1e3b3ebb6a974cb42ed31de5413df52d HTTP/1.1
Content-Type:application/json; charset=utf-8
<ph product="k2 s-series">Host: 192.168.5.150</ph><ph product="cloudpbx">Host: api.yeastarcloud.com</ph>
{
    "whisperer": "1005",
    "whisperedext": "1002"
}</codeblock>
      </p><b>Response Sample</b><p>
        <codeblock outputclass="language-json">HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Access-control-allow-origin: *
Access-control-allow-methods: GET, POST, OPTIONS, PUT, DELETE
{
    "status": "Success"
}</codeblock>
      </p></section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
